use Poetry for dependencies and add sphinx-autobuild (#61)
R2Northstar/ModdingDocs: docs/source/guides/contributing.rst

A cheatsheet for reStructuredText syntax can be found here: https://docs.generic-mapping-tools.org/6.2/rst-cheatsheet.html

Contributing without a local build
----------------------------------
You don't necessarily need to set up a local build environment.

> To contribute without doing so, you cant just edit the files in an editor of your choice and create a github PR from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute without doing so, you can just edit the files in an editor of your choice and create a GitHub pull request from them.
```

Typo and spelling out "pull request" for those potentially unfamiliar with the abbreviation "PR"

This should take you to a online version of the docs with your PRs changes. 

Building locally
----------------

First, you need to have a relatively recent version of Python installed - 3.8 or higher. `Download here <https://www.python.org/downloads/>`_

tl:dr;
^^^^^^

.. code:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/R2Northstar/ModdingDocs/
    cd ModdingDocs
    py -m pip install poetry
    poetry install
    poetry run build

Explanation
^^^^^^^^^^^

Open a terminal wherever you want the files to end up and clone the `ModdingDocs repo <https://github.com/R2Northstar/ModdingDocs/>`_, e.g.

.. code:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/R2Northstar/ModdingDocs/
    cd ModdingDocs

Your terminal should now be open in the ModdingDocs folder.

Next, on Windows do:

.. code:: bash

    # Install Poetry, the build tool used by ModdingDocs
    py -m pip install poetry

For other OSs replace ``py`` with ``python3`` or whichever python executable you prefer.

Now, tell poetry to install this project.

.. code:: bash

    poetry install

After this is done downloading and setting up all the dependencies, you can build it with:

.. code:: bash

    poetry run build

> This should rebuild the docs on changes and open them in your default browser woth live reloading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should rebuild the docs on changes and open them in your default browser with live reloading.
```

Typo :P

Opened the clone repo.

(on Windows, replace `python3` with `py`)

.. code:: bash

    # Install Poetry, the build tool used by ModdingDocs

>     python3 -m pip install poetry

Reviewer: I'm assuming I can still slap that in a `venv` or does `poetry` create `venv` for you? Just so I can avoid an [XKCD 1987](https://xkcd.com/1987/) scenario on my own machine :P

Author: Poetry creates a venv for you, and completely manages the venv.
